# About Capillary Machine Learning Hackathon
## IntroductionCapillary Tech and Analytics Vidhya presents “ML Hackathon”, an amazing opportunity to showcase your analytical abilities and talent. We are looking for the ultimate Hacker among aspiring analytics professionals, who can showcase analytical acumen, and creativity as well as propensity to understand consumer behavior to design recommendation solutions that makes Capillary the leading Omnichannel Communication solutions company in Retail Space.  


#About Capillary Tech Since 2008, Capillary has been at the forefront of the constant evolution in consumer experiences. Built on a big data platform, the Capillary CRM solution enabled brands to use their existing infrastructure to identify and understand each consumer, and directly communicate with them through mobile technology. With the explosion of ecommerce in the following decade, Capillary addressed another major pain point brands were facing, which was to quickly, easily and reliably establish an online presence.  As these interaction channels continue to evolve, providing a consistent consumer experience across all of them is becoming increasingly difficult for brands. As consumers expect a connected and seamless experience, Capillary has developed products that help brands get a 360° single view of customer and inventory across all channels, so they could stitch together previously siloed customer journeys with data, and build unified, cross channel strategies that deliver a consistent, omnichannel experience. In this era of Artificial Intelligence, we continue to innovate and find ways to help brands stay consumer ready and deliver newer, better experiences into the future.
